---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3: Preparing for WODS Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2024-02-20
published: true
labels:
  - information systems
---

## Intro to the WOD

The Invoice 1 WOD included creating a sales receipt for a sale that included 5 different products. Involving Java script variables and expressions, along with dynamic calculations and values. The instructions and details can be found here. 


## My Experience

Performing wod 5.1 was a good learning experience . However, it did take me quite some time to figure it out completely as it took me 5 tries to complete all the way through without running into a big problem. 


##  What Went Well

What worked well for me was the product data setup as it was too difficult to create variables for each product and figure out their extended pricing based on quantity and price. This made it simple when it came to customizing products. However the thing that I stumbled on and slowed me down was the table generation and HTML integration when it came to creating rows on the table I decided to use HTML or the document.write() which was a really big struggle for m as it kept messing up the layout of the table.


## What I Did To Prepare. Things I Should Have Done Differently

I prepared for this WOD by first trying to understand the criteria and reading what the  requirements are so I know what to expect in the wod. I also tried my best to test iteratively, by testing each part of the code by section. As it helped me catch and resolve issues earlier.I believe that the Next time I do a WOD I may try to go about things differently if faced with multiple options of completing a task and after encountering difficulties with the first one. This could have saved me a lot of time and may have made it less confusing and stressful for me. 
