---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: Progress in Programming Report"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2024-04-16
published: true
labels:
  - information systems
---


## My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:

Through our assignments, my programming skills have improved as I was able to work more and grow my understanding of HTML, JS, and CSS when it comes to website development. Now I work with some code by myself, but I still believe there is room for improvement, as I still currently need some assistance when it comes to certain parts.

## I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:

I believe that I must work on understanding what I am coding a little more. Now I can code, but it can be a little confusing when I try to change things up and make things a little bit more fancy, since I don't understand when I try to switch things up and use things I am not as familiar working with. I also believe that I should reach out to others for help when I need it, so I am not stuck there as long.

## I have learned a lot from doing WODs, and I can do them without copying the screencast:

I have learned a lot from the WODs, and I can understand the general ideas. I believe there are some WODs I can do without the screencast, but there are some I believe I could not complete correctly without the screencast. I believe that if I practiced them a little more, I could understand it a little better.

## The labs have helped me learn, and I am able to complete them with confidence:

The labs have been helpful, and I am able to complete them, but not all of them with confidence. All of the labs have been a great learning experience as they helped me understand the basics and how they all connect together to create a website. It is also really helpful to look back at as a resource for when I need refreshers.

## I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:

Assignment 1 was not an easy process for me and was something I really struggled with. However, it helped me learn a lot and showed me what works and what doesn't. I had a hard time displaying my products, as they would disappear if I typed something in the wrong place. So now I know format plays an important role.

## I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:

I think the class is formatted pretty well! However, I wish we went over the Gcloud a little more, as the video was a little blurry. However, I am glad that Professor Port was able to answer my questions in discord and walk me through it.

## What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one-on-one help, working with classmates, etc.):

I think what helped me the most in class are the screencasts and classmates. The screencasts are helpful because I can rewatch them and slow them down if needed. My classmates also helped me understand certain topics better as they would show me examples and explanations.





