---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2024-04-29
published: true
labels:
  - information systems
---

## Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
In Assignment 2, we had to improve our online store by making it more personal for users and safer to use. Our goal was for users to be able to sign up and log in easily. This project built on what we did in Assignment 1, but it also brought new challenges, like keeping user information safe and secure. If you'd like to learn more about Assignment 2, you can find additional details here: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html

## What did you learn from this assignment?
This assignment helped me learn more about how to use app.post and what it means to use a "POST" method. Trying out different ways to do things gave me good ideas, especially for trying to figure out when the best time to use it is. 

## Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
I didn’t work with a partner on this assignment, so it was 100% my work.

## How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
I got help from my fellow classmates, past notes and screencasts/labs.

## How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
Assignment 2 differs from assignment 1 as it has more advanced steps. Assignment 1 was about getting our website started, whereas assignment 2 was about doing more complicated things. We had to learn how to make sure users are who they say they are, saving information, and making the website personalized for each person. In Assignment 2, we also had to think a lot about how to keep people's information safe.

## Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
Writing code (excluding testing): 60%
Testing and debugging: 40% 

## Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
White working on assignment 2 my user interference design went well as it was easy for users to understand and navigate. However, one challenge that I did face was  ensuring the security without relying on sessions or cookies. 

## If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
If I could go back in time and do things differently I would spend more time on how the security measures work  and the research server side process as it would have saved me a lot more time. 

